reference: add doc for expression index (#2015)
pingcap/docs: reference/sql/statements/create-index.md

Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.31 sec)
```

## Expression index

TiDB can build indexes not only on one or more columns in a table, but also on an expression. When queries involve expressions, expression indexes can speed up those queries.

Take the following query as an example:

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
SELECT * FROM t WHERE lower(name) = "pingcap";
```

> If the following expression index is established, you can use the index to speed up the query above:

Reviewer: To make the wording consistent with the previous paragraph.
```suggestion
If the following expression index is built, you can use the index to speed up the above query:
```

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
CREATE INDEX idx ON t ((lower(name)));
```

> The cost of maintaining an expression index is higher than that of other indexes, because the value of the expression needs to be calculated whenever a row is inserted or updated. Since the value of the expression is already stored in the index, it does not require recalculating when the optimizer selects the expression index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cost of maintaining an expression index is higher than that of maintaining other indexes, because the value of the expression needs to be calculated whenever a row is inserted or updated. The value of the expression is already stored in the index, so this value does not require recalculation when the optimizer selects the expression index.
```

> Therefore, when the query speed outweighs the insert and update speed, you can consider indexing the expressions.

Reviewer 2: I think 'performance' is better than 'speed'.

Author: Done. Thanks!

> Expression indexes have the same syntax and limitations as in MySQL. They are implemented by building indexes on generated virtual columns that are invisible, so the supported expressions inherit all [limitations of virtual generated columns](/reference/sql/generated-columns.md#Limitations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expression indexes have the same syntax and limitations as in MySQL. They are implemented by building indexes on generated virtual columns that are invisible, so the supported expressions inherit all [limitations of virtual generated columns](/reference/sql/generated-columns.md#limitations).
```

> Currently, the optimizer can only use the indexed expressions when the expressions are in the `FIELD` clause, `WHERE` clause, and `ORDER BY` clause. The `GROUP BY` clause will be supported in the future updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the optimizer can use the indexed expressions when the expressions are only in the `FIELD` clause, `WHERE` clause, and `ORDER BY` clause. The `GROUP BY` clause will be supported in future updates.
```
